So what I'd like for you to work on
next is this four part or sorry,
three part series of items.
There's a collections piece,
a mission piece, and a footer,
and so the goal here is to do a whole
bunch of layouts with Flexbox.
And I've thrown in a couple
of other little tidbits for
some of you who may be a little
bit more advanced in CSS.
Or who wanna go and
read up on some additional CSS properties.
So, let's take a look at
what these look like and
we're gonna switch to VS code to do this.
So inside these are files
that are from GitHub,
you can download them
put them into VS code.
And so I'm in folder 4a, so
under folder 4 Flexbox dot
exercises folder 4a collections,
you'll see here I've given
you a bunch of screenshots.
We'll start with the first screenshot,
this is the collections piece.
So all of these assets are here and
available to you inside
of the begin folder.
So if you look inside of begin,
I've given you a starting style sheet,
I've given you all of the images
in the dimensions that you need.
And I've given you a starting HTML web
page here, it's all marked up for you.
And what I'd like for
you to do is to build this out so
that your collections page looks
like this set a desktop dimension.
And I think I've put in the media
queries for you too, so
you don't have to worry about that.
At a tablet dimension, we're going to go
to two images across instead of three.
Then in a mobile dimension,
we're going to go to one image
stacked all the way down the page.
So that'll be challenge number
one is to go through and
lay out this collections piece.
Then in challenge number two 4b,
this is the mission,
we're gonna,
I have sort of two alternatives.
So if you are more of a Flexbox beginner,
this is one way of approaching this.
So this is the mission section of the page
that should go on top of the collections
piece that you're gonna build and,
whoops, sorry, looks like this.
This is how it should look if you
are more of a Flexbox beginner so
you have a logo and
you have the text next to it.
Notice how it all lines up really
nicely here on the desktop, right so
that logo is as big as
the column underneath of it.
The text here lines up with what the other
images that are over here, underneath.
Then we're going to go to our tablet
dimension, continues to look like that.
And then we can go to our mobile dimension
where we have the text on top and
the logo underneath.
Now if you are a more advanced CSS coder,
then you might wanna read up
a little bit on CSS shapes.
And you could code this
a little bit differently,
these are just the one here
called desktop that PNG.
Notice here how I've made the text
go down the slant of that logo,
is that a cool effect?
So, this is something that you can take
a look at and how do we approach here?
So that would be the desktop
version of that and
then the tablet version looks like that
and then finally the mobile version.
Put the logo on the top and
put the text underneath.
So a hint here,
if you decide to take this route,
this would not be a Flexbox based layout.
We're gonna be doing something with a
float, so you need to float the image and
you CSS shapes to make that cool
slant along the edge of the logo.
And then the last one is a footer layout.
So underneath the collections
down here at the bottom,
we're gonna set up a layout where
we've got the stay connected.
We've got links to Facebook and
Instagram, and we have our address for
the wall of wonder.
And then we're gonna go
to our tablet layout,
which looks like this and
then our mobile layout, okay.
So if you're feeling a little
overwhelmed by all of those things,
here's what I would recommend for
those of you who are beginners.
The collections is probably
the best one to spend your time on,
if you're limited in the amount of
time you have time to spend on this.
That will get you a lot of learning
going from three images across,
the two images across
to one image on mobile.
That would be the first
thing that I would work on.
If you're a beginner,
and you just wanna code up the mission
element really, really quick.
You can probably get that done really
fast based on the code that you write for
collections.
The mission should go together really
fast and then work on the footer last.
If you are not sure about
that whole CSS shapes thing,
you might just go from the collections
down to the footer and
then come back to the shapes
there at the end.